### 2.15.2 Data Table Rules

Data table rules primarily use a two-dimensional matrix to locate data, accommodating diverse business scenarios.

#### 2.15.2.1 Data Table Application Scenarios

- In project management scenarios, project approval requires corresponding leaders to review and approve based on the respective regions.
- In department expense reimbursement scenarios, approvals require different financial accountants and managers based on regions and departments.

#### 2.15.2.2 Data Table Application Examples

Taking project initiation as an example, approvals are handled by the corresponding project directors and responsible leaders based on different project regions and types.

##### 2.15.2.2.1 Configuration Process

Creat Rules-Config Rules-Add Data-Reference Rules-Verification

##### 2.15.2.2.2 Operations

**Create Rule – Edit Basic Information**: Input the rule name; set the rule code; select the category.

**Create Rule - Configure Data Rule**:
a) Configure configuration columns and result columns based on business requirements.
b) If the data type is "Selection Item," configure the data source according to business requirements.

**Create Rule – Add Data**:
a) Fill in data based on business requirements, and customize the publish effective time.
b) No need to save after readjustments; changes take effect automatically.
c) Supports import and export.

**Process Design Rules**
a) In the handler settings, select the formula editor.
b) Set the page switching mode to advanced settings.
c) In the value settings, select the rule function and locate the previously set data table rules.
d) Configure parameters and adjust settings using the "reference variable" method.

**Simulation Run Verification**: Select "Simulation Run"; Input parameters and click Simulation; compare the results to check if the configuration is accurate.

