### 2.5.6 License Mgt

License management displays the type of license and authorization status of created applications in the system, including whether they are private and the validity period of the licenses. It also allows for updating authorization codes. Platform licenses/Runtime licenses regulate self-built applications, while authorization codes manage shared applications.

If the system is platform license, there are no restrictions on creating custom applications.

If the system is under runtime license, App creation is subject to license restrictions, and the page will display the number of published apps/total licenses. The total number of licenses represents the number of self-built applications allowed to be published in the system. If the remaining licenses are 0, applications cannot be published, and users need to cancel published apps to release license slots.

Form creation is restricted by the number of forms allowed in the license, controlling the number of forms that can be created under a single application. Exceeding this limit prevents form creation within the application.

- **List Field Descriptions**
  - **App Name**: Displays the name configured when creating the app.
  - **App Status**: Displays the status of the application, including: draft, pending publish, published, disabled
  - **Authorization Status**: Displays the authorization status of the application, including: Unauthorized, Trial, Subscription, Official (Use Only), Official, Invalid. Authorization status can only be upgraded from a lower to a higher level and cannot be downgraded.
  - **Private or not**: Indicates whether the application is a private app, including: Private, Share. Private apps allow additions, deletions, and modifications, while shared apps do not allow new configurations and can only modify existing ones.
  - **Validity Period**: Displays the validity of shared items. Only trial and subscription licenses have a validity period.
  - **Operations**: For update authorization code, users can copy and paste the authorization code into the input box to activate authorization for the shared app. After successful activation, the corresponding application's authorization information in the list will be decoded and updated based on the authorization code.
