 ### System Auth
System Auth includes authentication configuration, authentication service, password security, and login restriction settings.
- Authentication configuration supports single-select or multiple-select. Triple-management accounts are not affected by the configuration settings.
- If "Only accounts unrelated to business" is selected for the auth service, all business-related accounts under the partner organization cannot log in via password but can login via SSO or QR Code Auth. For external system LDAP authentication, please refer to "Integration Platform Manual".
- Under "Password Security", users can configure password rules and force to change password. Administrators can log in to the system and access "System Mgt" - "Security Mgt" - "Auth Options" to modify password security settings. 

**Instructions:**
- Regular accounts follow password rules when changing passwords via Personal Settings > Password Security in the portal, the "Forgot Password" option on the login page, or "Force to Change Password" for first login.
- Triple-management accounts do not follow these password rules. Additionally, accounts synchronized from third-party systems do not follow these rules as well.

**Parameter Description:**
- Password settings must be at least 8 characters and include any 2 of the following: numbers, capital letters, lowercase letters, or special characters.
- Force to Change Password:
- First login: When the toggle is enabled, all users will be regarded as first logins and are required to change their passwords.
- Password Validity Period: If a password exceeds the configured duration, users must change it before logging in.
- Password Validity Period Reminder: Users will be reminded to change their password via pop-up or to-do notification a specified number of days in advance.
- Password Change Reminder: When enabled, password change will trigger a reminder via the selected reminder method.
- Add a system security module for illegal login policies to restrict unauthorized user access, such as locking accounts or login IP addresses after 3–6 failed attempts.
- Set login restriction rules in the "Login Restriction". Users locked by triggered rules can be manually unlocked under "Account Unlock".
- Password change reminder will be sent via the enabled remind method, users can configure it in "Security Mgt" - "Auth Options" - "Change Reminder" - "Remind Method".
- Multi-point Login Toggle: When enabled, multiple logins to the same account across different devices and systems are allowed.
- When disabled, only one login is allowed. If multiple users log in to the same account, the first login will be logged out automatically.  
