 ### 2.11.1 Permissions Assignment

#### 2.11.1.1 System Permission Query

**[Function Overview]**

Query the preset permissions for each module in the system.

#### 2.11.1.2 Role Permission

**[Function Overview]**

Create a new role and assign permissions to it, which can include personnel, institutions, departments, positions, or groups.

**[Detailed Functions Note]**

1. **Create**: Create Role Permissions
2. **Edit**: Modify the current role's information
3. **Delete**: Delete the current role and its associated permissions.
4. **Batch Delete**: Batch delete all currently selected roles.

#### 2.11.1.3 Data Permission

Data Permissions provide a unified authorization framework for Process Management data. For detailed information, please refer to Process Management Munal Section 3.10.

#### 2.11.1.4 Permission Group

**[Function Overview]**

A permission group is a combination of permission templates. Multiple permission groups or specific permissions within them can be selected to form a new permission group, then assign these permissions to selected users in one step. When creating a permission group, only permission templates that the user has access to can be selected.

**[Detailed Functions Note]**

**Create Permission Group**: Select different permission groups or specific sections within them, choose personnel to grant permissions to, and designate maintainers for the permissions. After creation, if the permission group is enabled, the selected permissions will be granted to the users in one step.

