 ### 2.3.9 Directory Picker

The Directory Picker is a common widget used by various functional modules in the partner organization when authorizing or selecting organizational objects. It is used to select institutions, departments, personnel, groups, and other types of organizations.

The partner organization consists of the following parts:

- Quick Search Area
- Recent Contacts
- Organizational Structure Tree
- Candidate Data Area (Search results or current organizational record area)
- Selected Data Area
- Sort Rules Selection Wizard
- Alphabetical Sorting Wizard

#### 2.3.9.1 Quick Search

Quick Search supports fuzzy and exact search selection in the upper right input field.

#### 2.3.9.2 Recent Contacts

- Display the 20 most recent contact records
- Users can also clear Recent Contacts records

#### 2.3.9.3 Organizational Structure

Organizational Structure is on the left panel.

#### 2.3.9.4 Multi-dimensional Organization

Display in a dropdown list by a specific multi-dimensional organization name.

#### 2.3.9.5 To-be Selected Data

Click a keyword to search or select an organizational structure node to display the search results on the right. Then categorize and summarize the results by category. Please note that the To-be selected data section displays a maximum of 1,000 data records.

##### 2.3.9.5.1 Category Statistics

Users can categorize selected data by their departments, institutions, personnel, group and positions.

#### 2.3.9.6 Selected Data

Selected data are displayed in the lower section of directory picker. Users can:

- Click "Confirm" or "Cancel" to confirm or cancel the selection.
- View Selected Data.
- Clear Selected Data.

