 ### 2.3.1 Organizational Structure Tree

#### 2.3.1.1 Organizational Structure Tree Construction Guidelines

For the convenience of application management and maintenance, the system follows these basic rules regarding the organization structure tree:

- Internal institution nodes can only be moved within the internal institution tree; External institution nodes can only be moved within the external institution tree.
- Internal departments cannot have internal institutions beneath them; External departments cannot have external institutions.
- Internal Personnel can copy to external structures.
- The parent-sub relationship of nodes follows these principles:

| Node Type | Parent nodes permit only the following type | Sub nodes permit only the following type |
|-----------|---------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------|
| Institutional | Root Nodes, Institutions, Departments | Internal/External Institutions, Departments, Positions, Personnel |
| Departments | Root Nodes, Institutions, Departments | External Institutions, Departments, Positions, Personnel |

- The root node can be an institution, department, position or personnel without a department/institution, but these are not displayed in the tree (will be shown in the list).
- Under an external institution, there can only be sub-institutions, departments, positions, or personnel of that external institution; Internal institutions or departments cannot be included.
- Internal personnel cannot be created directly under an external institution, they can only be added to the external institution by copying.
- External personnel can only be assigned under external institutions, departments and positions.
- Positions and groups won't be displayed on the organizational tree; Only personnel can be assigned under positions and groups.

#### 2.3.1.2 Root Node Operations (Parent-Node)

- **New Institution**: Click to input the "New institution" interface to organize data records.
- **New Department**: Click to input the operation interface for creating a new department record.
- **Show Disabled Data**: Toggle operation. Click to display disabled records in the organization structure tree, then button will change to "Hide Disabled Data".
- **Hide Disabled Data**: Toggle operation. Click to hide disabled records in the organization structure tree and then change to "Show Disabled Data".

#### 2.3.1.3 Regular Node Operations (Sub-Node)

- **Edit (Edit Institution)**: This menu appears when the current node type is "Institution"; click to input the "Edit Institution" interface.
- **Edit (Edit Department)**: This menu appears when the current node type is "Department"; click to input the "Edit Department" interface.
- **Add Sub-Institution**: This menu appears if the node is enabled; click to input the "New institution" interface and create a sub-institution under the current node.
- **Add Sub-Department**: This menu appears if the node is enabled; click to input the "New department" interface and create a sub-department under the current node.
- If data is disabled, it will appear grayed out or hidden in the organizational tree (when the "Hide Disabled Data" widget switch is enabled).
