 
### 2.3.4 Personnel

Personnel section displays a list of personnel under the current node, allowing batch or single processing operations.

For management convenience, personnel are divided into two main categories: own department personnel and others.

- **Own Department Personnel**: Personnel whose primary position is within the department's positions.
- **Other Personnel**: Personnel whose primary position is not within the department but are (temporarily) assigned to work in the department, with or without a secondary position.

#### 2.3.4.1 Batch Operation

- **Search**: Input the personnel's name or pinyin to perform quick batch queries.
- **Include Subordinate**: The organizational structure is a tree structure. When data records are displayed in a list, only the current level is shown by default, not the personnel sub-list. When the "Include Subordinate" is selected, the list also displays personnel records from subordinate units of the department. Conversely, unchecking it will hide sub-unit record.
- **Hide Disabled Data**: The list does not default to display disabled data. When the "Hide Disabled Data" is selected, the list also displays disabled personnel data records. Conversely, unchecking it will hide the disabled personnel records.
- **Batch Change Superior**: The button is grayed out by default and inactive. When one or more records in the list are selected, the button is activated and becomes available. Click to access the directory picker.
- **Batch Disable**: The button is grayed out by default and inactive. When one or more records in the list are selected, the button is activated and becomes available. Click to batch disable the selected records.
- **Quick Sort**: Click to input the batch edit sorting page. After saving, quick reordering can be performed based on the new sort number.

#### 2.3.4.2 Single Data Operation

- **Edit**: Modify the current personnel's record information.
- **Change Superior**: Edit the "Superior Institution/Department" of the current personnel. The operation interface refers to "Batch Change Superior."
- **Enable/Disable**: Enable or disable the current institution.
  - If the "Hide Disabled Data" option is enabled, the data record will be hidden after being disabled
  - If the personnel is disabled, they will not be visible in the directory picker and cannot be selected.