 ## 2.3.8 Group

Groups are used to establish flat personnel groupings across organizations for more efficient authorization and selecting personnel in charge of business.

- Users can assign a department/institution to a group, making the group subordinate to the department/institution; or leave it unassigned for flat management.
- Groups can be created manually by adding members or automatically based on predefined rules.
- Users can specify group admins and group readers.
- When a group loses its practical value, it can be dissolved (Delete or Disable).

#### 2.3.8.1 Batch Operation

- **Search**: Input the group name or pinyin code to perform quick batch queries.
- **Hide Disabled Data**: The list does not display disabled data by default. When the "Hide Disabled Data" is selected, the list will also display disabled group records; Conversely, unchecking it will hide the disabled group records.
- **Batch Change Supervisor**: Modify the institution/department of groups in bulk. The button is grayed out by default and inactive; when one or more records in the list are selected, the button becomes available. Click to access the directory picker.
- **Batch Disable**: The button is grayed out by default and inactive. When one or more records in the list are selected, the button is activated and becomes available. Batch disable selected records after clicking. Disabled groups will not appear in the directory picker for selection.
- **Quick Sort**: Click to input the batch edit sorting page. After saving, quick reordering can be performed based on the new sort number.

#### 2.3.8.2 Single Data Operation

- **Create Group**: Create a new group at upper right corner in that area.
- **Edit**: Modify the current institution's record information.
- **Change Superior**: Edit or modify the "Belonging Institution/Department" of the current group. Refer to the "Batch Change Superior" interface for operational guidance.
- **Enable/Disable**: Enable or disable the current group
  - If the "Hide Disabled Data" option is enabled, the data record will be hidden after being disabled
  - Disabled groups will not appear in the directory picker for selection.
