 ### 2.3.6 Departments

This section displays the list of subordinate departments under the current node, allowing batch or individual processing operations on institutions.

#### 2.3.6.1 Batch Operation

- **Search**: Input the department name or pinyin code to perform a quick batch query.
- **Include Subordinates**: The organizational structure is a tree structure. When data records are displayed in a list, only the current level is shown by default, excluding subordinate units (Internal departments may only have sub-departments, personnel, or positions, while external departments may include sub-departments, external institutions, personnel, or positions). When the "Include Subordinates" is selected, the list will also display records of subordinate units under the department; Conversely, unchecking it will hide the subordinate unit records.
- **Hide Disabled Data**: The list does not default to display disabled data. When the "Hide Disabled Data" is selected, the list also displays disabled department data records. Conversely, unchecking it will hide the disabled department records.
- **Batch Change Superior**: The button is grayed out by default and inactive. When one or more records in the list are selected, the button is activated and becomes available. Click to access the directory picker.
- **Batch Disable**: The button is grayed out by default and inactive. When one or more records in the list are selected, the button is activated and becomes available. Batch disable the selected records; However, records with subordinate nodes will not be disabled.
- **Quick Sort**: Click to input the batch edit sorting page. After saving, quick reordering can be performed based on the new sort number. As shown below:

#### 2.3.6.2 Single Data Operation

- **Edit**: Modify the current department's record information.
- **Change Superior**: Edit the "Superior Department/ Institution" of the current department. Refer to the "Batch Change Superior" interface for the operation.
- **Enable/Disable**: Enable or disable the current institution.
  - If the "Hide Disabled Data" option is enabled, the data record will be hidden after being disabled
  - If the node has active subordinate nodes, the current node cannot be disabled.
