 ### 2.5.7 Position

Position section displays the subordinate position list records of the current node, allowing batch or individual processing operations. The home page interface is as follows:

#### 2.5.7.1 Batch Operation

- **Search**: Input the position name or pinyin code to perform a quick batch search.
- **Include Subordinates**: The organizational structure is a tree structure. When data records are displayed in a list, only the current level is shown by default, excluding subordinate unit position records. When the "Include Subordinates" is selected, the list will also display positions from subordinate units; Conversely, unchecking it will hide positions from subordinate organizations.
- **Hide Disabled Data**: The list does not display disabled data by default. When the "Hide Disabled Data" is selected, the list will also display disabled position records; conversely, unchecking it will hide the disabled position records.
- **Batch Change Superior**: The button is grayed out by default and inactive. When one or more records in the list are selected, the button is activated and becomes available. Click to access the directory picker.
- **Batch Disable**: The button is grayed out by default and inactive. When one or more records in the list are selected, the button is activated and becomes available. Batch disable the selected records; However, records with subordinate nodes will not be disabled.

#### 2.5.7.2 Single Data Operation

- **View Job Details**: Click on a record to access the position details page.
