### 2.6.1 System Group

Records system group lists and allows batch or individual group processing operations.

#### 2.6.1.1 Batch Operation

- **Search**: Input the group name or pinyin code to perform quick batch queries.
- **Include Subordinates**: The organizational structure is a Tree Structure. When data records are displayed in a list, only the current level is shown by default, excluding subordinate unit groups. When the "Include Subordinates" is selected, the list also displays group records of subordinate units under the department. Conversely, unchecking it removes the display of subordinate group records.
- **Hide Disabled Data**: The list does not display disabled data by default. When the "Hide Disabled Data" is selected, the list will also display disabled group records; Conversely, unchecking it will hide the disabled group records.
- **Batch Change Superior**: The button is grayed out by default and inactive. When one or more records in the list are selected, the button is activated and becomes available. Click to access the directory picker.
- **Batch Disable**: The button is grayed out by default and inactive. When one or more records in the list are selected, the button is activated and becomes available. Click to batch disable the selected records.
- **Quick Sort**: Click to input the batch edit sorting page. After saving, quick reordering can be performed based on the new sort number.

#### 2.6.1.2 Single Data Operation

- **Edit**: Modify the record information of the current Group.
- **Change Superior**: Edit or modify the "Superior Institution/Department" of the current group. The operation interface is similar to "Batch Change Superior"
- **Enable/Disable**: Enable or disable the current institution.
  - If the "Hide Disabled Data" option is enabled, the data record will be hidden after being disabled
  - If the group is disabled, it will not be visible in the directory picker and cannot be selected.
