 ### 2.7.2 Position System Mgt

#### 2.7.2.1 Job Title

**[Function Overview]**

Set job title enumeration data to provide basic data records for personnel data maintenance. Job titles can also be batch imported and exported.

**[Detailed Functions Notes]**

1. **Create**: Add job title enumeration data record.
   - **Job Grade**: 0 or a positive integer, manually input, indicating the rank corresponding to the job title; if not, default set is 0.
   - **Application Scope**: Personnel are categorized as Internal Personnel or External. The job title application scope is limited to specific personnel types.

2. **Edit**
   - **Job Title**: Can be modified but must remain unique.

3. **Delete**
   - If the external personnel category is not referenced, it can be deleted; otherwise, it cannot.

#### 2.7.2.2 Common Position

**[Function Overview]**

Establish common positions, allowing multiple department positions to be associated with the same common position. Common positions can be categorized, displaying the position headcount and positions for each common position.

**[Detailed Functions Note]**

1. **Create**: Add common positions.
   - **Editors, Readers**: Select from the directory picker. Only personnel can be selected.

2. **Edit**
   - **Common Position Name**: Can be modified and supports duplicate common position names.
   - **Category**: Users can select from existing categories or change the category of the common position.

3. **Disable**
   - Common positions can be disabled, and related data will become invalid after being disabled.

#### 2.7.2.3 Position

**[Function Overview]**

Configure Generic Position enumeration data to provide foundational data records for personnel data maintenance and auto generate of department position records.

Note: The "position" here refers to common or generic positions, typically maintained by the human resources department as enterprise-wide common or generic positions. In this system, it can also function as a "common role" and be referenced in formulas or rules for calculations.

**[Detailed Functions Note]**

1. **Create**: Add generic position data records.
   - **Position Code**: Can be input or auto generated based on the configuration under "System Config Mgt > System Parameter Settings > Org Settings > Numbering Settings > Position Code."
   - **Application Scope**: Personnel are categorized as internal personnel or external, and the scope is limited to specific positions.

2. **Edit**
   - **Position Name**: Can be modified but must be unique.
   - **Position Code**: If it is auto-generated, it cannot be modified; If manually input, it can be modified but must be unique.

3. **Delete**
   - If the position is not referenced (by department), it can be deleted; otherwise, it cannot.
