### 4.1.1 Connection Service Creation

SOAP, JDBC, and REST are the most commonly used protocols when integrating systems. Therefore, the MK integration platform presets environment configurations for these three protocols. Users can select the appropriate protocol for environment configuration based on their system's characteristics.

Interfaces of different protocols have distinct configuration items and requirements when configuring environment, and it is essential to strictly differentiate the registration methods for interfaces of various protocols.
#### 4.1.1.1 SOAP Protocol

SOAP (Simple Object Access Protocol) is a simple XML-based protocol that allows applications to exchange information over HTTP in decentralized or distributed environments.

SOAP is the communication protocol for Web Services. When users find the Web Service creator's WSDL description document through UDDI, they can call one or more operations in the created Web service via SOAP. SOAP is a specification of calling methods in the form of XML document that can support various underlying interfaces, such as HTTP(S) or SMTP.

When creating a SOAP connection service on the integration platform, you need to fill in the service address, service authentication information, and function authentication information as the prerequisites for registering the SOAP interface.

**Process of Creating SOAP Protocol Connection Service**: Integration Platform -> Third-Party Interface -> Connection Service -> Create -> SOAP

**Configuration Instructions:**
- **Service Name**: Name of the created service. Required.
- **System**: Select from the pull-down list, select the one created in System Mgt-Custom System.
- **Service Code**: Automatically generated by default. A new, unique code data can be regenerated.
- **Status**: Enabled by default. The connection service will be unavailable if disabled.
- **Testing Environment**: Disabled by default, used to mark the environment type of the current service address. Set as Production Environment by default, but can be manually switched back to Testing Environment.
- **Service Address**: Input the prefix of the WSDL address to enable sharing by different interfaces.
- **Service Authentication**: Disabled by default, can be enabled manually. Authentication information will not be validated when saving; validation will be completed in the interface. When enabled, username and password are required.
- **Function Authentication**: Disabled by default, can be enabled manually. Authentication information will not be validated when saving; validation will be completed in the interface. When enabled, an authentication method shall be selected.
- **Remarks**: Connection service remarks.

#### 4.1.1.2 JDBC Protocol

JDBC (Java Database Connectivity) is a Java API for executing SQL statements, providing unified access to databases of various relationships. It consists of a set of classes and interfaces written in Java. JDBC provides a standard API for tool and database developers to build higher-level tools and interfaces, enabling them to write database applications using pure Java APIs.

Due to the characteristic of the JDBC protocol's direct connection to databases, creating a connection is essentially a configuration process of establishing connections with various database systems.

Currently, the integration platform supports the connection creation of three database types: Oracle, MS SQL Server, and MySQL. In the future, support for connections of mainstream databases like DB2 and Sybase will be added.

In the JDBC protocol, the system has built-in JDBC drivers and connective URLs. Users only need to adjust information of the connective URL configuration to complete the database configuration.

**Process of Creating A JDBC Protocol Connection Service**: Integration Platform -> Third-Party Interface -> Connection Service -> Create -> JDBC

**Configuration Instructions:**
- **Service Name**: Name of the created connection service. Required.
- **System**: Select from the pull-down list, select the one created in System Mgt-Custom System.
- **Status**: Enabled by default. The connection service will be unavailable if disabled.
- **Service Code**: Automatically generated by default. A new, unique code data can be regenerated.
- **Testing Environment**: Disabled by default, used to mark the environment type of the current service address. Set as Production Environment by default, can be manually switched back to Testing Environment.
- **Database Type**: Select from the pull-down list.
- **JDBC Driver**: Automatically filled in based on the selected database type.
- **Connective URL**: Automatically filled in based on the selected database type.
- **Username**: Database access username. Required.
- **Password**: Database access password. Required.
- **Remarks**: Connection service remarks.

#### 4.1.1.3 REST Protocol

REST (Representational State Transfer) is a term proposed by Dr. Roy Thomas Fielding in his dissertation "Architectural Styles and the Design of Network-based Software Architectures". REST itself is simply an architectural style designed for distributed hypermedia systems rather than a standard.

Web-based architecture is essentially a collection of various specifications that together constitute the Web architecture. For example, the HTTP protocol and the client-server model are both specifications. A new architecture is formed when new specifications are added to the existing ones, . REST is such an architecture that combines a series of specifications to form a new web-based architectural style.

When creating a REST protocol connection service, creator only needs to configure the service address and timeout response time.

**Process of Creating A REST Protocol Connection Service**: Integration Platform -> Third-Party Interface -> Connection Service -> Create -> REST.

**Configuration Instructions:**
- **Service Name**: Name of the created connection service. Required.
- **System**: Select from the pull-down list, select the system created in System Mgt-Custom System.
- **Status**: Enabled by default. The connection service will be unavailable if disabled.
- **Service Code**: Automatically generated by default. A new, unique code data can be regenerated.
- **Testing Environment**: Disabled by default, used to mark the environment type of the current service address. Set as Production Environment by default, can be manually switched back to the Testing Environment.
- **Service Address**: Input the URL address prefix for sharing by different interfaces.
- **Acquisite Connection Timeout**: Time setting, 3000 milliseconds by default.
- **Establish Connection Timeout**: Time setting, 3000 milliseconds by default.
- **Data Response Timeout**: Time setting, 5000 milliseconds by default.
- **Enable Proxy Server**: Disabled by default. When enabled, URL, port, username and password must be input.
- **Authentication Method**: No authentication by default. Username and password are required in Basic Authentication Mode. Function validation is needed in Preset Authentication Mode.
- **Remarks**: Connection service remarks.