### 5.1.4 Connection Flow Import And Export

The import and export functions mainly address scenarios where connection flows cannot be reused or quickly applied across systems. These functions enable connection flow to be reused in other locations by exporting connection flow files.

#### 5.1.4.1 Export Connection Flow

Connection flow export supports two methods:
- Hover the mouse over the connection flow that needs to be exported under "Connection Flow List", hover the mouse over "..." icon to expand the pull-down list, then click "Export". Select "Offline Export". The system will analyze the export content and associated information. Upon confirmation, a compressed file will be generated.
- Or, the connection flow will be exported along with the low-code application if the connection flow is referenced by other modules (Taking low-code forms as example). Hover the mouse over the "..." icon of the application that needs to be exported to expand the menu, click "Export". Click "Offline Export", users can see that the corresponding connection flow and the associated content will be exported together.

#### 5.1.4.2 Import Connection Flow

The import function can be found in the "System Mgt"-"Content Package Import". Click "Offline Import" to access the import pop-up.

Import the connection flow compressed file or the low-code application package file that references the connection flow.

The import confirmation pop-up displays whether the target system contains corresponding modules and associated information. If not, new modules can be created; if yes, they can be overwritten or skipped. Verify the import configuration, associated data settings, and organizational structure before confirming the import.

(After successful import, users can check the corresponding low-code application and connection flow list to verify whether the modules and associated content are correct.) 
