### 5.1.2 Connection Flow Creation

In the connection flow list, click the "Create" button in the upper-right corner to open the creation window. Edit basic information such as the connection flow name, code, default status (enabled), connection flow type (supports scheduled task, listener event, manual trigger and Webhook), description, etc.. Click "Confirm" to save.

**Connection Flow Name:**
1. The connection flow name is a text-type field, allowing a maximum of 32 Chinese characters. Excess characters will be truncated.
2. "Name" is a required field.
3. The name can be modified when editing.

**Code:**
1. The connection flow identifier is a special text-type field that serves as the unique identifier of the connection flow, and can be selected and called during event implementation.
2. Only English letters and numbers are allowed.
3. Allowing a maximum of 32 characters. Excess characters will be truncated.
4. "Code" is a required field.
5. The code must be unique in the system and cannot be duplicated. When saving, the function identifier will be validated. If a duplicate is found, the prompt "Connection flow code already exists. Please modify it" will pop up.
6. To simplify the operations, the system provides an "Auto-fill" function for connection flow code. Click the button to auto-generate a unique code.

**Type:**
1. The connection flow type is a single-select field with the following options: Scheduled task, listener event, manual trigger and Webhook.
2. Can be modified during creation.

**Status:**
1. The status is a single-select field with options: Enable and disable.
2. Enabled by default.
3. Disabled events cannot be selected for connection flow. (The corresponding event can be selected in the connection flow. An event can be enabled or disabled. If it is disabled, the event cannot be selected when setting the connection flow)
4. The status can be modified during editing.

**Icon Upload:**
1. Select an icon from local files to upload as the connection flow icon.
2. Can be modified during editing.

**Description:**
1. The description is a multi-line text field. Allowing a maximum of 2,000 characters. Excess characters will be truncated.
2. Can be modified when editing.
