### Doc Preview Configuration
Select the corresponding document and edit connection service based on the actual project requirements. Currently, it supports three types: WPS cloud doc, WPS platform, and Aspose preview.

#### WPS Cloud Doc Configuration
Require to obtain the system service address where the WPS Cloud Doc service is installed, along with the App ID and secret key, to be configured on the MK Digital Work Platform interface. 
- After deploying the WPS service, log in to the WPS cloud doc platform and click Application Management to access. 
- The Interface of Application Creation Is As Follows:
- Fill in the application information and then select the application permissions. 
- Record the generated App ID and secret key. These two values correspond to the App ID and App Secret respectively in the WPS cloud doc integration configuration. 
- After creating the application, log in to the WPS cloud doc management console and authorize it in the unauthorized applications section. Once authorized successfully, MK attachments can be previewed and edited using WPS cloud doc. 

#### WPS Platform Configuration
Require to obtain the system service address where the WPS Platform service is installed, along with the App ID and secret key, to be configured on the MK Digital Work Platform interface. 
- After deploying the WPS service, log in to the WPS Open Platform, access the Management Center, and create an application.  
- When creating the application, users need to fill in [Application Name], [Application Website], [Application Description], and [Application Logo]. The rest can be left as default information. 
- After creating the application, it will be displayed in the application list. Click "View" to perform to following operations. 

**Basic Settings**
- Users can obtain the APP ID and APP KEY in this interface. These two pieces of information need to be configured in "WPS Integration" settings of MK. At the same time, the address for accessing WPS also needs to be configured in "WPS Integration".
- Add "IP Whitelist" and "Cross-Origin Whitelist". Both whitelists contain the IP addresses used by the system application.

**Permission Application**
- Click the application to access an interface with "Apply" button.
- Clicking "Apply" to access the following address to perform approval operation: http://localhost:8080/openplatform 
- After approval, three new tags will be displayed on the left menu. 

**Edit Callback**: Configurations of "Callback Domain" requires adding /data/sys-attach/weboffice after the system access address.

The interface configuration is as follows:
| Field | Value |
|:-----|:-----|
| Obtain File Metadata | /v1/3rd/file/info |
| Obtain User Information | /v1/3rd/user/info |
| Upload New File Version | /v1/3rd/file/save |
| Obtain Specified Version Information | /v1/3rd/file/version/:version |
| Obtain All Version Information | /v1/3rd/file/history |
| Rename File | /v1/3rd/file/rename |
| Obtain File Status | /v1/3rd/file/online |
| Callback Notification | /v1/3rd/onnotify |

**Preview Callback**: Configurations of "Callback Domain" requires adding /data/sys-attach/weboffice after the system access address.

The interface configuration is as follows: Obtain File Metadata: /v1/3rd/file/info

**Format Callback**: Configurations of "Callback Domain" requires adding /data/sys-attach/weboffice after the system access address.

The interface configuration is as follows: Notification Processing Result: /cps/callback
Once the configuration is complete, users can preview and edit attachments using the WPS Platform.
*** Tip: For information on WPS cloud documents and document platform, please contact WPS service administrator. ***

#### WPS Mobile Configuration
WPS Mobile activation serial number: WD2GD-HJDTD-VXYC3-F6P8D-6M4YC

#### Online Preview Service Configuration
**Document Format Processing Configuration**
- Supports WPS platform format processing. The WPS document platform has format processing capability, while cloud documents do not. 
- Supports WPS online preview service processing. Configure the IP address where the online preview service is located
