## Recycle Bin Mechanism

### Description
Some business data may be found not comply with industry standards and requirements during inspection, where a soft delete function is needed. Deleted processes and documents can only be viewed by administrators through the console while front-end users, process handlers and drafters have no permission to view. Therefore, a recycle bin mechanism is developed. After integrating with business modules, deleted master documents can be found in the Recycle Bin, where they can be permanently deleted or restored, with records retained. This data can also be restored to maintain business process integrity when necessary.
The current version does not integrate any business modules with the Recycle Bin Mechanism.

### Mechanism Implementation Solutions
- Users can choose to enable or disable soft delete in the system.
- When soft delete is enabled, all documents deleted by business modules will be collected in the recycle bin.
- In the recycle bin, users can permanently delete or restore these documents.
- All document operations in the system such as delete, permanently delete, and restore—are logged with the operator's name, operation time, and operation type.

### Basic Settings
Users can decide whether to use soft delete in modules via the toggle. This toggle is only used to decide whether the master documents deleted by modules are sent to the Recycle Bin. If enabled, deleted documents will be in the recycle bin for further operation (Restore or permanently delete). If the toggle is disabled or the module is unchecked, the master documents deleted by modules will be permanently deleted and will not be in Recycle Bin.
By setting the scheduled cleanup days, users can designate how many days after being sent to Recycle Bin the master documents will be permanently deleted. For example, if document A is sent to Recycle Bin on March 23 and the cleanup time is set to 5 days later, document A will be permanently deleted on March 28. If the cleanup time is changed to 6 days during the process, document A will be permanent delete on March 29.
Note: After modifying the basic settings, users must click "Save" for the changes to take effect.

### Delete Management  
Administrators can permanently delete or restore the data in Recycle Bin.
- Permanently deleted data cannot be recovered.
- After restoration, the data will return to the status before deletion in its corresponding module.
- Enabling or disabling the soft delete toggle only decides whether to send data to Recycle Bin and does not impact the processing of previous data already in Recycle Bin.
- When the scheduled cleanup countdown reaches zero, designated data will be automatically and permanently deleted.

### Recycle Bin-related Logs
Operations such as soft delete, restore, and permanently delete will be recorded in Log Mgt - User Log - Data Change. 
